What differences and similarites have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and explain in complete sentences.

First of all java doesn't sent code to a portable to light something. Arduino is a program that sent a code to a 
circuit device to make things happen. They both use code to make something happen.
What code adaptations have you made? [Or will you make if none to date. Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
 Well so far, We move the wires around to make it work better and sometimes fix up the code a little. 

What is required for a circuit?
 Well theres Wires, buttons, A USB cord, and a wiring pad or something.

How are programs compiled with Arduino?

A number of things have to happen for your Arduino code to
 get onto the Arduino board. First, the Arduino environment performs some small transformations to make sure
 that the code is correct C or C++ (two common programming languages). It then gets passed to a
 compiler (avr-gcc), which turns the human readable code into machine readable instructions (or object files).
 Then, your code gets combined with (linked against), the standard Arduino libraries that provide basic functions
 like digitalWrite() or Serial.print(). The result is a single Intel hex file, which contains the specific bytes
 that need to be written to the program memory of the chip on the Arduino board.
 This file is then uploaded to the board: transmitted over the USB or serial
 connection via the bootloader already on the chip or with external programming hardware. 

0Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have learned from them. Descriptions should
 be _at least_ one full paragraph in length.

Projects 1-7 had something to do with making the light turn on and off or blinking.
Another one was one that was something


You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.



Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. [Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon' game provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]
 for Now I dont really know because we still need some time.
